limit verbosity to supported range (#1284)
pypa/pipx: changelog.d/1283.bugfix.md

> Limit the number of possible -q and -v by ignoring exceeding values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix crashes due to superfluous `-q ` and `-v` flags by discarding exceeding values
```

Author: superfluous `-v` flags were already discarded. Will rewrite it for `-q`
